# HTML Reformatting project

The project I chose to reformat was part of a longer formal report that I did for a technical writing class. I chose to include the introduction, methods, and part of the results because those sections contained images and good content that I could make changes to.

In comparison to the Markdown project, this reformatting took me considerably longer. Having to import each paragraph as its own section with beginning and closing tags was tedious, but not difficult. I had to make less tradeoffs when converting to HTML because there is more freedom in formatting options. I found myself getting annoyed at VS Code for its automatic tag closure, as whenever I would type a tag it would automatically close it after the opening tag and I would have to manually copy paste the ending tag to the correct spot. This did help me to remember to close the tags, but I would rather just type the tag out again than have to copy paste it.

I wouldn't say I had to sacrifice anything to convert the document to HTML. I was able to add every element and then some extras. Adding bold and italic text and a list was fun because it was originally a formal report with no fun text. I know how to add styles and such with css, so adding different fonts and colors of headings would be relatively easy and make the whole page look better.

My final takeaway is that writing with HTML in a technical writing oriented class is much different than writing with HTML in a strictly web design class. I have found that a lot of the methods I use for sectioning is only helpful when the page is almost exclusively digital images and links, but not so helpful for an actual text-based website. It has been very informative to learn about the ways in which HTML can be used to format documents in a less style focused way.
